#cli
/
cli
Public
Code
Issues
388
Pull requests
31
Discussions
Actions
Projects
1
Security
1
Insights
cli/docs/install_linux.md
@bsiegert
bsiegert Add installation instructions for NetBSD/pkgsrc (#4931)
…
 24 contributors
@vilmibm@mislav@fossdd@dbruns@darkRaspberry@zpuskas@yzgyyang@0atman@tomrule007@TobiX@tniessen@droideck
 184 lines (121 sloc)  4.25 KB
Installing gh on Linux and BSD
Packages downloaded from https://cli.github.com or from https://github.com/cli/cli/releases are considered official binaries. We focus on popular Linux distros and the following CPU architectures: i386, amd64, arm64, armhf.

Other sources for installation are community-maintained and thus might lag behind our release schedule.

Official sources
Debian, Ubuntu Linux, Raspberry Pi OS (apt)
Install:

curl -fsSL https://cli.github.com/packages/githubcli-archive-keyring.gpg | sudo dd of=/usr/share/keyrings/githubcli-archive-keyring.gpg
echo "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/githubcli-archive-keyring.gpg] https://cli.github.com/packages stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/github-cli.list > /dev/null
sudo apt update
sudo apt install gh
Upgrade:

sudo apt update
sudo apt install gh
Fedora, CentOS, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (dnf)
Install:

sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://cli.github.com/packages/rpm/gh-cli.repo
sudo dnf install gh
Upgrade:

sudo dnf update gh
openSUSE/SUSE Linux (zypper)
Install:

sudo zypper addrepo https://cli.github.com/packages/rpm/gh-cli.repo
sudo zypper ref
sudo zypper install gh
Upgrade:

sudo zypper ref
sudo zypper update gh
Manual installation
Download release binaries that match your platform; or
Build from source.
Unofficial, community-supported methods
The GitHub CLI team does not maintain the following packages or repositories and thus we are unable to provide support for those installation methods.

Snap (do not use)
There are so many issues with Snap as a runtime mechanism for apps like GitHub CLI that our team suggests never installing gh as a snap.

Arch Linux
Arch Linux users can install from the community repo:

sudo pacman -S github-cli
Alternatively, use the unofficial AUR package to build GitHub CLI from source.

Android
Android 7+ users can install via Termux:

pkg install gh
FreeBSD
FreeBSD users can install from the ports collection:

cd /usr/ports/devel/gh/ && make install clean
Or via pkg(8):

pkg install gh
NetBSD/pkgsrc
NetBSD users and those on platforms supported by pkgsrc can install the gh package:

pkgin install gh
To install from source:

cd /usr/pkgsrc/net/gh && make package-install
OpenBSD
In -current, or in releases starting from 7.0, OpenBSD users can install from packages:

pkg_add github-cli
Funtoo
Funtoo Linux has an autogenerated github-cli package, located in dev-kit, which can be installed in the following way:

emerge -av github-cli
Upgrading can be done by syncing the repos and then requesting an upgrade:

ego sync
emerge -u github-cli
Gentoo
Gentoo Linux users can install from the main portage tree:

emerge -av github-cli
Upgrading can be done by updating the portage tree and then requesting an upgrade:

emerge --sync
emerge -u github-cli
Kiss Linux
Kiss Linux users can install from the community repos:

kiss b github-cli && kiss i github-cli
Nix/NixOS
Nix/NixOS users can install from nixpkgs:

nix-env -iA nixos.gitAndTools.gh
openSUSE Tumbleweed
openSUSE Tumbleweed users can install from the official distribution repo:

sudo zypper in gh
© 2022 GitHub, Inc. Contributing

Hi there! We're excited you've got ideas to improve topics and collections. You're helping the community discover valuable information.

This project adheres to the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

There are a few ways you can contribute:

- Improving an existing topic or collection
- Curating a new topic or collection

As you write content, check out the [Style Guide](./docs/styleguide.md) to learn what each field means, and how it should be formatted. Following the style guide will increase the chances of your contribution being accepted.

Notes: 
  - Updates won't immediately appear once we've merged your PR. We pull in these changes regularly to GitHub.
  - Please limit your pull request to the creation/updating of one topic or collection at a time.

## Improving an existing topic or collection

If a topic or collection already exists, it will be listed in its respective directory:

- [topics/](https://github.com/github/explore/tree/master/topics)
- [collections/](https://github.com/github/explore/tree/master/collections)

The topic or collection name should match its URL, e.g. `https://github.com/topics/rails` corresponds to the [`topics/rails` directory](https://github.com/github/explore/tree/master/topics/rails).

To make an improvement, please **open a pull request** with your proposed changes:

### Update the image

To update the image, simply replace the image inside the directory for the topic or collection.

### Update text and links

To update text and links, edit the `index.md` inside the topic or collection's directory. These files are formatted using a combination of [Front Matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/frontmatter/) and simple body content.

For **topics**, you'll notice that, in examples like the topic "[algorithm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/master/topics/algorithm/index.md)," data like its canonical URL, Wikipedia URL, or display name are called out in key-value pairs, while its detailed description is accounted for in the body of the document.

_/topics/algorithm/index.md_:
```
---
aliases: algorithms
display_name: Algorithm
short_description: Algorithms are self-contained sequences that carry out a variety of tasks.
topic: algorithm
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorithm
---
Algorithms are detailed sets of guidelines created for a computer program to complete tasks efficiently and thoroughly.
```

---

Similarly, **collections** like "[music](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/master/collections/music/index.md)" call out things like their author and display name in Front Matter variables -- with a detailed description in the body of the document. Most importantly, though, collections identify their individual collection items in [a YAML list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML#Basic_components) for the key "items."

_/collections/music/index.md_:

```
---
items:
 - beetbox/beets
 - scottschiller/SoundManager2
 - CreateJS/SoundJS
 - musescore/MuseScore
 - tomahawk-player/tomahawk
 - cashmusic/platform
 - mopidy/mopidy
 - AudioKit/AudioKit
 - Soundnode/soundnode-app
 - gillesdemey/Cumulus
 - metabrainz/picard
 - overtone/overtone
 - samaaron/sonic-pi
display_name: Music
created_by: jonrohan
---
Drop the code bass with these musically themed repositories.
```

---

The [pull request template](./.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) also provides guidance on the information you need to include.

**Please fill out the pull request template completely.** If you do not fill out the template, your PR will be closed.

## Curating a new topic or collection

If a topic or collection is not yet curated, it will NOT be listed in its respective directory.

We are likely to consider suggestions to curate a topic or collection that is valuable to GitHub's community. Valuable topics, for example, include those that are already [widely used by repositories](https://help.github.com/articles/classifying-your-repository-with-topics/) and could benefit from the addition of important information. When suggesting content, please consider how to make your contribution broadly useful and relevant to others, rather than serving a specific use case.

Please note that all suggestions must adhere to GitHub's [Community Guidelines](https://help.github.com/articles/github-community-guidelines/) and [Terms of Service](https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-service/). Per our Terms of Service, [you are responsible](https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-service/#d-user-generated-content) for the content you contribute, and you must have the rights to use it.

To propose a new topic or collection, please **open a pull request** with your proposed additions. The [API docs](./docs/API.md) and [style guide](./docs/styleguide.md) provide guidance on the information you need to include and how it should be formatted.

This repository includes [a list of the most-used GitHub topics that don't yet have extra context](topics-todo.md). If your pull request adds one of these topics, please update topics-todo.md so that the topic is checked (marked complete).

**Please fill out the pull request template completely.** If you do not fill out the template, your pull request will be closed.

## Guidelines

* Avoid conflicts of interest. Maintainers of a project cannot add a topic or collection for their own project. If a topic is popular enough to warrant inclusion, someone else will add or improve it.

## Running tests

There are some lint tests in place to ensure each topic is formatted in the way we expect. Travis
CI will run the tests automatically. If you want to run the tests yourself locally, you will need
Ruby and Bundler installed.

You can run the tests using:

```bash
script/cibuild
```
